readme_en.md, before:

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/kowith337/ThaiConsentHosts/raw/master/ThaiConsentHosts-repository-open-graph-template.png" /></div>

## This hosts file will list most domains in Thai that use for hosting supscription services over mobile operators
> also known as Cost-per-action (CPA) services, WAP push, SMS information, download contents, etc.

### You can apply with these application and/or tools below...
- Windows Hosts File
  - [HOSTS Manager](https://github.com/henrypp/hostsmgr)

- Android devices
  - [AdAway](https://github.com/AdAway/AdAway) (Root required)
  - [DNS66](https://github.com/julian-klode/dns66)
  - [Blokada](https://github.com/blokadaorg/blokada)
  - [personalDNSfilter](https://zenz-solutions.de/personaldnsfilter)

- Web browser extensions
  - [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock)
  - [uMatrix](https://github.com/gorhill/uMatrix)
  - [NanoAdblocker](https://github.com/NanoAdblocker/NanoCore)

### Remark
- This hosts file may not protect you against other supscription attempt that not come from website advertisements like...
  - dial with USSD service code
  - direct call from\/to service providers
  - shady staff employee behind those services (and may some mobile operator) that already known your phone number and submit your number to subscribe their useless services without any confirmation from your side!

Commit message:

Push statement into english document

readme_en.md, after:

<div align="center"><img src="https://github.com/kowith337/ThaiConsentHosts/raw/master/ThaiConsentHosts-repository-open-graph-template.png" /></div>

## This hosts file will list most domains in Thai that use for hosting supscription services over mobile operators
> also known as Cost-per-action (CPA) services, WAP push, SMS information, download contents, etc.

### You can apply with these application and/or tools below...
- Windows Hosts File
  - [HOSTS Manager](https://github.com/henrypp/hostsmgr)

- Android devices
  - [AdAway](https://github.com/AdAway/AdAway) (Root required)
  - [DNS66](https://github.com/julian-klode/dns66)
  - [Blokada](https://github.com/blokadaorg/blokada)
  - [personalDNSfilter](https://zenz-solutions.de/personaldnsfilter)

- Web browser extensions
  - [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock)
  - [uMatrix](https://github.com/gorhill/uMatrix)
  - [NanoAdblocker](https://github.com/NanoAdblocker/NanoCore)

### Statement
1. This list possibly false positive against anyone who use this list outside `Thailand` due to some or most of sites can retrieve additional information through `HTTP Header` that shipped with outgoing traffic from mobile data, I'm afraid that any sites who can read or extract information from header can use them for make their (and any mobile carriers that possibly also get shared) profits.
2. The also blocking their main websites is only to make sure that you will not reaching to those domains and/or companies, since their have some API to getting or resolving header data (mostly known as `MSISDN`), they may possibly get and/or use your phone numbers for sent fake requests to mobile operator network that you've intentionally subscribe to some of their wasteful content by your own!
> Although, you didn't really do that, eithger!


### Remark
- This hosts file may not protect you against other supscription attempt that not come from website advertisements like...
  - dial with USSD service code
  - direct call from\/to service providers
  - shady staff employee behind those services (and may some mobile operator) that already known your phone number and submit your number to subscribe their useless services without any confirmation from your side! (As i said in statement no.2)
